docs(tutorials): docs content review week 35/2023 (#2074)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/setup-mongodb-on-ubuntu/index.mdx

  - instances
  - build-and-maintain
dates:
  validation: 2023-08-28
  posted: 2022-03-01
---

MongoDB stands out as a document-oriented database, available for free as an open-source solution. Renowned for its scalability, robustness, reliability, and user-friendly nature, it stands as one of the premier choices among NoSQL database engines.

> Diverging from traditional relational databases, MongoDB liberates users from the need for an intricate predefined schema before data addition. This flexibility stems from its ability to modify schemas at any point in time. Embracing the NoSQL philosophy, it employs JSON-like documents for data storage, allowing the insertion of diverse and arbitrary data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Diverging from traditional relational databases, MongoDB users no longer need an intricate predefined schema before adding data. This flexibility stems from its ability to modify schemas at any point in time. Embracing the NoSQL philosophy, it employs JSON-like documents for data storage, allowing the insertion of diverse and arbitrary data.
```
